OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-sqlite-catalog-configuring-elevated-permissions.adoc

[id="olm-sqlite-catalog-elevated-privileges_{context}"]
= Configuring catalogs to run with elevated permissions

[role="_abstract"]

> To keep SQLite-based catalog sources running when {product-title} enforces restricted pod security, you can set legacy security mode on the catalog source or label the namespace for elevated pod security admission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to update your SQLite database catalog image or migrate your catalog to the file-based catalog format, you can set the catalog security mode to legacy and label the the catalog source namespace for baseline or privileged pod security enforcement.
```

QE/SME?
